1

According to the second creation story, which of the following were formed out of the ground?

    A. Sun, moon and stars
    B. Firmaments and light
    C. Beast of the field and birds
    D. Fishes and all sea monsters

WAEC 2022
2

Which of the following is the reason for which God decided to make a helper fit for man in the garden of Eden? For

    A. communication
    B. companionship
    C. fellowship
    D. procreation

WAEC 2022
3

The supremacy of God during creation was manifested by His

    A. consent that a thing be done
    B. command of let there be
    C. creation of human kind
    D. control over the heavens

WAEC 2022
WAEC and NECO CBT Software for Computers and Laptops - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
WAEC offline past questions - with all answers and explanations in one app - Download for free
Myschool CBT Challenge Season 10 – Over N1,000,000 Worth of Prizes to Be Won!
4

Apart from Joseph who was already in Egypt, the offspring of Jacob that migrated from Canaan to Egypt numbered

    A. Sixty
    B. Seventy
    C. Eighty
    D. Ninety

WAEC 2022
5

The name Manasseh which Joseph gave to his first son means

    A. a beloved son of Joseph's wife
    B. God had made Joseph forget his hardship
    C. God had delivered Joseph from death
    D. God had forgotten Joseph and his family

6

And the Lord said to Moses see, I make you as God to Pharaoh; and Aaron your bother - shall. which of the following roles was Aaron assigned?

    A. prophet
    B. priest
    C. seer
    D. servant

WAEC 2022
7

The presence of God among the Israelites is demonstrated by the symbol of 

    A. fire and cloud
    B. smoke and water
    C. wind and dust
    D. clouds and winds

WAEC 2022
8

Joshua's success in the promised land was attributed to the fact that he was

    A. carefree about keeping the laws of God
    B. strong and of good courage
    C. anointed by Moses personally
    D. able to take responsibilities

WAEC 2022
WAEC and NECO CBT Software for Computers and Laptops - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
Myschool's prices for products & services are going up in January - Buy what you need now
WAEC and NECO CBT App for Mobile Devices - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
9

During the mission of the twelve spies, which of the following tribes did Joshua represent?

    A. Ephraim
    B. Judah
    C. Reuben
    D. Levi

WAEC 2022
10

Who among the following Kings did God sell the people of Israel to and were oppressed for twenty years?

    A. Ahab
    B. Jabin
    C. Nebuchadnezzar
    D. Asa

11

Sisera, the commander was killed by Jael whose husband as a 

    A. Philistine
    B. Israelite
    C. Kenite
    D. Jebusite

WAEC 2022
12

Which of the following was the major sin attributed to Hophni and Phinehas? They

    A. treated the offering of the Lord with contempt
    B. took bribes and has no regard for justice
    C. engaged in idolatry and adultery
    D. deposed their father from priesthood

WAEC 2022
13

Samuel was said to have failed in matters of parental responsibility because he

    A. made his children to succeed him
    B. made his children judges over Israel
    C. did not bring up his children in his way
    D. could not maintain unity in his family

WAEC 2022
WAEC and NECO CBT Software for Computers and Laptops - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
Myschool CBT Challenge Season 10 – Over N1,000,000 Worth of Prizes to Be Won!
Download WAEC Nov/Dec App - Get all past questions and answers, 100% offline - 252180
14

Though you are little in your own eyes, are you not the head of the tribes of Israeli On which occasion was this statement made?

    A. During the sacrifice at Michmash
    B. When the sons of Samuel disobeyed God
    C. When the evil spirit tormented Saul
    D. During the war between Israel and AmaleK

WAEC 2022
15

One important lesson that could be learnt from David when he spared the life of Saul is

    A. that we must not insult kings despite their wickedness
    B. to avoid retaliation for wrong done against us
    C. to pray for all who hate you
    D. that no king should be killed by his subject.

16

Which of the following names was given to Solomon by the prophet Nathan when he was born?

    A. Ammon
    B. Absalom
    C. Jedediah
    D. Tain or

WAEC 2022
17

And God said "Ask what I shall give you" To whom and where was this request made?

    A. David at Hebron
    B. Solomon at Hebron
    C. David at Gibeon
    D. Solomon at Gibeon

WAEC 2022
18

A major mistake attributed to Rehoboam was his decision to

    A. dare Jeroboam to divide the kingdom
    B. lead Israel to war without God's approval
    C. worship other gods and marry foreign wives
    D. follow the negative footsteps of Solomon.

WAEC 2022
Myschool's prices for products & services are going up in January - Buy what you need now
Myschool CBT Challenge Season 10 – Over N1,000,000 Worth of Prizes to Be Won!
WAEC and NECO CBT App for Mobile Devices - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
19

The reason for which the building of the temple came into fulfillment during the time of Solomon was that

    A. David was guilty for shedding blood
    B. there was relative peace during his reign
    C. his father had arranged for building materials
    D. he offered enough sacrifices to God

WAEC 2022
20

When Jezebel decided to cut off the prophets of the Lord, who among the following took a hundred prophets and hid them in a cave?

    A. Elijah
    B. Elisha
    C. Nathan
    D. Obadiah

21

Elijah ran from Mount.Carmel to the city of Jezreel because he was

    A. chased by the Baal prophets
    B. overjoyed-by his journey
    C. pursued by Ahab the king
    D. possessed by the spirit of God

WAEC 2022
22

Proclaim a fast and set Naboth on high among the people. Which of the following was Naboth charged with after the proclamation? He was charged with

    A. claiming to be the messiah and king
    B. cursing God and the King
    C. instigating riot among the people
    D. refusing to release the family land to the king

WAEC 2022
23

Which of the following was the reason for which God promised to punish the house of Ahab and not Ahab himself? Ahab

    A. humbled himself
    B. acted under pressure
    C. was a righteous man
    D. acted wisely

WAEC 2022
WAEC and NECO CBT Software for Computers and Laptops - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
WAEC and NECO CBT App for Mobile Devices - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
Download WAEC Nov/Dec App - Get all past questions and answers, 100% offline - 252180
24

I have found the book of the law in the house of the Lord. The discovery of the law book____________

    A. revealed the sins of Manasseh
    B. gave Josiah's reform direction
    C. railed for the revival of the passover
    D. revealed God's righteousness and purity

WAEC 2022
25

Huldah, the prophetess, pronounced evil upon Judah because the people

    A. had burned incense to other gods
    B. were marrying foreign women
    C. were disobedient to the king
    D. had failed to keep the sabbath.

26

But the army of the Chaldeans pursued the king and overtook him in the plains of Jericho. This text alludes to the incident where

    A. the Babylonians arrested Zedekiah
    B. the Babylonians made Zedekiah king
    C. Nebuchadnezzar's army arrested Jehoiachin
    D. Nebuchadnezzar's army chased Jehoiachin.

WAEC 2022
27

Which of the following ways did Nehemiah demonstrate concern for his nation? He

    A. revived the worship of Yahweh
    B. rebuilt the temple of Jericho
    C. reconstructed the walls of Jerusalem
    D. led the exiles back home.

WAEC 2022
28

Then these men came by agreement and found Daniel making petition and supplication before his God. The people the reminded the king about the following except

    A. punishment for defaulters
    B. power of the treaty
    C. ban on worship
    D. freedom of worship

WAEC 2022
WAEC offline past questions - with all answers and explanations in one app - Download for free
Myschool's prices for products & services are going up in January - Buy what you need now
WAEC and NECO CBT App for Mobile Devices - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
29

One immoral act that took place in Israel which was condemned by Amos was that

    A. priests slept with women in the temple
    B. Nazarites drank wine and slept in the temple
    C. the rich men took the wives of the poor
    D. a man and his father went into the same woman

WAEC 2022
30

To win Israel back to Himself, God promised turning the valley of Achor into a place of

    A. peace
    B. hope
    C. mercy
    D. joy

31

One significant difference between Matthew's and Mark's account of Jesus' baptism is that

    A. Matthew alone said that John felt inferior to baptize Jesus
    B. Matthew alone said a voice came from heaven
    C. Mark alone made mention of Galilee during the baptism
    D. only Matthew reported that the spirit alighted on Jesus.

WAEC 2022
32

Which of the following was the sequence of Jesus' temptation according to Matthew?

    A. Temple - wilderness -mountain
    B. Wilderness - temple - mountain
    C. Mountain -temple -wilderness
    D. Wilderness - mountain - temple

WAEC 2022
33

I desire mercy, and not sacrifice! for I came not to call the righteous, but sinners. Jesus made this remark when

    A. He called the first disciples by the sea
    B. the Sadducees accused Him of eating with sinners
    C. the Pharisees accused Him of eating with sinners
    D. He healed the woman with the issue of blood

WAEC 2022
Myschool's prices for products & services are going up in January - Buy what you need now
Myschool CBT Challenge Season 10 – Over N1,000,000 Worth of Prizes to Be Won!
Download WAEC Nov/Dec App - Get all past questions and answers, 100% offline - 252180
34

Jesus' call of the first four disciples to be "fishers of men" implied that they were to

    A. propagate the teachings of Jesus
    B. convert the Jews into Christians
    C. win proselytes to Jesus
    D. be trained to become Rabbis.

WAEC 2022
35

I do not say to you seven times, but seventy times seven. Bv this Jesus meant By this forgiveness

    A. must be done only seven
    B. takes place where there is a plea
    C. is exercised when offence is repeated severally
    D. does not need to have any limitation

36

One of the major things Christians should do to merit God's forgiveness according to Jesus is

    A. praying without ceasing
    B. fellowshipping together
    C. offering sacrifices to God
    D. forgiving people who offend them

WAEC 2022
37

which of the following is not a humiliation Jesus suffered during his trial?

    A. They spat on him
    B. His face was covered
    C. They put a crown on his head
    D. The guards received him with blows

WAEC 2022
38

My soul is very sorrowful, even to death; remain here and watch with me. Where was this remark made by Jesus?

    A. In the garden of Gethsemane
    B. When he was in the palace of Caiaphas
    C. On the way to Golgotha
    D. When he was sent to Herod.

WAEC 2022
Download WAEC Nov/Dec App - Get all past questions and answers, 100% offline - 252180
Myschool CBT Challenge Season 10 – Over N1,000,000 Worth of Prizes to Be Won!
WAEC offline past questions - with all answers and explanations in one app - Download for free
39

Jesus' offer of paradise to the repentant thief on the cross teaches that

    A. God's word must be fulfilled
    B. repentance is never too late
    C. Jesus was crucified to save sinners
    D. people are punished not for their sins

WAEC 2022
40

O foolish men, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken! Which people were being referred to as foolish? The

    A. two men travelling to Emmaus
    B. seventy disciples Jesus sent out
    C. twelve apostles of Jesus
    D. women who went to the tomb of Jesus.

41

Which of the following qualified Matthias as an apostle to replace Judas Iscariot? He

    A. had accompanied the disciples from the time of the baptism of Jesus
    B. took active part in evangelism from house to house
    C. was among the early disciples who prayed fervently
    D. was among the one hundred and twenty disciples who had the Holy Spirit

WAEC 2022
42

The replacement of Judas Iscariot was necessary because the

    A. death of Judas Iscariot was premature
    B. twelve disciples represented the twelve tribes of Israel
    C. prophesies of the scripture needed to be fulfilled
    D. status quo of the twelve must be maintained

WAEC 2022
43

Why did you go to uncircumcised men and eat with them! The uncircumcised men were the

    A. Gentiles of Caesarea
    B. Gentiles of Joppa
    C. household of Cornelius
    D. household of Simon

WAEC 2022
WAEC offline past questions - with all answers and explanations in one app - Download for free
WAEC and NECO CBT Software for Computers and Laptops - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
WAEC and NECO CBT App for Mobile Devices - Candidates, Schools, Centres, Resellers - 100% Offline -Download Now
44

From his experience on the road to Damascus Saul learnt all the following except

    A. Persecuting the church meant persecuting the Lord
    B. His confidence in Judaism was misplaced
    C. He was specially chosen to preach to the Gentile
    D. He could successfully promote his own will

WAEC 2022
45

And there is salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved. This needs statement was made by

    A. Jesus when he was going to heaven
    B. The seven deacons during the appointment
    C. Peter before the Sanhedrin
    D. The apostles on the day of Pentecost

WAEC 2022

46

Which of the following biblical characters was mentioned to have justified his/her faith by works?

    A. Ahab
    B. Jael
    C. Rehab
    D. Barnabas

WAEC 2022
47

Is any among you sick? Let him call for the elders of the church and let them pray over him. By this statement, James meant that

    A. we should not pray for ourselves when we are sick
    B. the prayer of the faithful will save the sick
    C. elders of the church can perform wonders
    D. prayer without the elders may not be effective,

WAEC 2022
48

Peter's encouragement to Christians to put away all forms of malice implies that

    A. it is a divine command to forgive
    B. Christians should emulate Christ
    C. forgiveness heals the heart
    D. grievances breeds disunity

WAEC 2022
Myschool CBT Challenge Season 10 – Over N1,000,000 Worth of Prizes to Be Won!
Myschool's prices for products & services are going up in January - Buy what you need now
WAEC offline past questions - with all answers and explanations in one app - Download for free
49

The call on Christians to live as free men, yet without using such freedom as a pretext for perpetuating evil was intended for them to

    A. do what is right always
    B. resist the temptations of the devil
    C. fight for their right and freedom
    D. endure suffering and persecutions.

WAEC 2022
50

Peter states that God opposes the proud but to the humble, He

    A. provides all their needs
    B. gives them protection
    C. grants them success
    D. grants them grace

